into high-end gaming I don't have a
hundred bucks for a decent mouse here's
to new ones that you may want to take a
look at ec text 2400 DPI and they're 80
200 DPI gaming mice a critical review ec
tech is just released to high-end gaming
mice and they're designed for gamers but
you can also use them for just general
desktop work but I love them playing
games on google chrome windows and the
mac they're both phenomenal this one is
the 2400 dpi laser mouse it has 6
programmable buttons it has three DPI
levels 816 hundred and twenty four
hundred it plugs into the USB 2.0 and
3.0 port the cable length is 5 feet and
it's a braided cord so it's it's very
doable it's not that cheap plastic and
it has three it has a three-color
lighting system and that three color
lighting system lets you know which DP
on that will let you on coming up you'll
see how it plays on google chrome first
but first the 8200 um much like the 2400
has eight programmable buttons it has
five DPI levels thousand sixteen hundred
thirty-two hundred 4082 hundred and this
one Sports a five color lighting system
and again that is to let you know which
TV LOL at your on it can plug into both
the USB 2.0 and 3.0 port and it has a
braided cable that's about five feet
long and it's a polar it is a thousand
Hertz the mice is very comfortable to
home and working with them with games as
well as doing office work you can work
on them for hours without feeling
cramped in your hands and of course you
can program the keys to you know your
own specifications so if whenever you're
not playing
you can use the mouse for microsoft
office excel could probably use this for
any photo or we'll be heading I haven't
tried it with that but of course for
thirteen dollars for the twenty 434 the
8200 it's a steal and you can both get
them at amazon so here's a look at me
playing games on google chrome microsoft
windows and mac OS 10
you
I don't have enough speed
everywhere